we're at the tank dr. Leo's brown shrimp
the guys see their and our channel
Wilkes they are about to be joined by
some white shrimp then I got today at
Pigeon Point there are couple of white
shrimp go again
come on guys
must be I'm not bonus rostrum there's
the other now also somebody new coming
in they young trout coming in I mean get
him out of the net there he is
now I'm going to turn off the lights and
leave this guy to get used to this place
in peace and we'll come back to him
tomorrow it is now the next morning and
I'm on small talk next to the shrimp
talks here and Port Royal you can see my
bucket down there the greys Lemire is to
get food for the young trout and while I
was scoping the fouling organisms on the
dock I came across this beautiful colony
of anemones here and they beautiful and
on either side we see LG growing now
what I'm looking for are called grass
shrimp and I don't know that they'll be
found in this algae they normally art
but we'll go ahead and give a tip anyway
one little shrimp let me do this the
algebra oh there are some little quest
rip let me put them in back in here as
well tiny guys what I'm going to do is
move to the other side of the top where
we're more likely to find the shrimp ok
the light's not is good on this light
I tend to find more shrimp in this type
of algae here we go little guys there
let me take another run along here there
we go again these are called grass
shrimp there are 17 different species
some1 Burke is found living in this
grasses along the shoreline let's work
the name grass shrimp came from but it's
what listen of you it's now used as the
common name for all 17 species that's
good for now we've got enough to feed
the guy we are now back at the estuary
'um and see our low sea trout back in
the corner behind the shrimp I'm going
to drop these grass shrimp in now I
don't know whether this guy will feed
they still off we knew
see the grassroot going in I don't know
whether he's gonna pay any attention to
them or not my guess is no but what we
will do is we will leave him don't off
the lights leave him on his own he has
food now and it will gives to this
environment and in a future video I
anticipate we will be able to show this
animal feeding what's interesting is
some of the grass shrimp I collected I
think are small enough to feed our
little flounder will try that also in a
future video but that's it on the sea
trout for now